empty-room: ucitron vs. ucitron, winner: ucitron
empty-room: ucitron vs. ucijeff, winner: ucitron
empty-room: ucitron vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: ucitron vs. nathan, winner: ucitron
empty-room: ucitron vs. ucitimed, winner: ucitron
empty-room: ucijeff vs. ucitron, winner: ucijeff
empty-room: ucijeff vs. ucijeff, winner: ucijeff
empty-room: ucijeff vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: ucijeff vs. nathan, winner: ucijeff
empty-room: ucijeff vs. ucitimed, winner: ucijeff
empty-room: a1k0n vs. ucitron, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: a1k0n vs. ucijeff, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: a1k0n vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: a1k0n vs. nathan, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: a1k0n vs. ucitimed, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: nathan vs. ucitron, winner: ucitron
empty-room: nathan vs. ucijeff, winner: ucijeff
empty-room: nathan vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: nathan vs. nathan, winner: nathan
empty-room: nathan vs. ucitimed, winner: ucitimed
empty-room: ucitimed vs. ucitron, winner: ucitimed
empty-room: ucitimed vs. ucijeff, winner: ucitimed
empty-room: ucitimed vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
empty-room: ucitimed vs. nathan, winner: ucitimed
empty-room: ucitimed vs. ucitimed, winner: ucitimed
