keyhole: ucitron vs. ucitron, winner: ucitron
keyhole: ucitron vs. ucijeff, winner: ucitron
keyhole: ucitron vs. a1k0n, winner: ucitron
keyhole: ucitron vs. nathan, winner: ucitron
keyhole: ucitron vs. ucitimed, winner: ucitron
keyhole: ucijeff vs. ucitron, winner: ucijeff
keyhole: ucijeff vs. ucijeff, winner: null
keyhole: ucijeff vs. a1k0n, winner: null
keyhole: ucijeff vs. nathan, winner: ucijeff
keyhole: ucijeff vs. ucitimed, winner: null
keyhole: a1k0n vs. ucitron, winner: null
keyhole: a1k0n vs. ucijeff, winner: null
keyhole: a1k0n vs. a1k0n, winner: null
keyhole: a1k0n vs. nathan, winner: null
keyhole: a1k0n vs. ucitimed, winner: null
keyhole: nathan vs. ucitron, winner: null
keyhole: nathan vs. ucijeff, winner: null
keyhole: nathan vs. a1k0n, winner: null
keyhole: nathan vs. nathan, winner: null
keyhole: nathan vs. ucitimed, winner: null
keyhole: ucitimed vs. ucitron, winner: ucitimed
keyhole: ucitimed vs. ucijeff, winner: null
keyhole: ucitimed vs. a1k0n, winner: null
keyhole: ucitimed vs. nathan, winner: ucitimed
keyhole: ucitimed vs. ucitimed, winner: null
