playground: ucitron vs. ucitron, winner: null
playground: ucitron vs. ucijeff, winner: ucijeff
playground: ucitron vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
playground: ucitron vs. nathan, winner: ucitron
playground: ucitron vs. ucitimed, winner: ucitimed
playground: ucijeff vs. ucitron, winner: ucijeff
playground: ucijeff vs. ucijeff, winner: null
playground: ucijeff vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
playground: ucijeff vs. nathan, winner: ucijeff
playground: ucijeff vs. ucitimed, winner: null
playground: a1k0n vs. ucitron, winner: a1k0n
playground: a1k0n vs. ucijeff, winner: a1k0n
playground: a1k0n vs. a1k0n, winner: null
playground: a1k0n vs. nathan, winner: a1k0n
playground: a1k0n vs. ucitimed, winner: a1k0n
playground: nathan vs. ucitron, winner: ucitron
playground: nathan vs. ucijeff, winner: ucijeff
playground: nathan vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
playground: nathan vs. nathan, winner: nathan
playground: nathan vs. ucitimed, winner: ucitimed
playground: ucitimed vs. ucitron, winner: ucitimed
playground: ucitimed vs. ucijeff, winner: null
playground: ucitimed vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
playground: ucitimed vs. nathan, winner: ucitimed
playground: ucitimed vs. ucitimed, winner: null
