articulation2: ucitron vs. ucitron, winner: ucitron
articulation2: ucitron vs. ucijeff, winner: ucitron
articulation2: ucitron vs. a1k0n, winner: ucitron
articulation2: ucitron vs. nathan, winner: ucitron
articulation2: ucitron vs. ucitimed, winner: ucitron
articulation2: ucijeff vs. ucitron, winner: ucijeff
articulation2: ucijeff vs. ucijeff, winner: ucijeff
articulation2: ucijeff vs. a1k0n, winner: ucijeff
articulation2: ucijeff vs. nathan, winner: ucijeff
articulation2: ucijeff vs. ucitimed, winner: ucijeff
articulation2: a1k0n vs. ucitron, winner: a1k0n
articulation2: a1k0n vs. ucijeff, winner: a1k0n
articulation2: a1k0n vs. a1k0n, winner: a1k0n
articulation2: a1k0n vs. nathan, winner: a1k0n
articulation2: a1k0n vs. ucitimed, winner: a1k0n
articulation2: nathan vs. ucitron, winner: nathan
articulation2: nathan vs. ucijeff, winner: nathan
articulation2: nathan vs. a1k0n, winner: nathan
articulation2: nathan vs. nathan, winner: nathan
articulation2: nathan vs. ucitimed, winner: nathan
articulation2: ucitimed vs. ucitron, winner: ucitimed
articulation2: ucitimed vs. ucijeff, winner: ucitimed
articulation2: ucitimed vs. a1k0n, winner: ucitimed
articulation2: ucitimed vs. nathan, winner: ucitimed
articulation2: ucitimed vs. ucitimed, winner: ucitimed
